1. What kind of companies participated in the survey regarding data analytics capabilities? 
2. How does improved data maturity contribute to a company's improvement in KPIs? 
3. What were the chief findings regarding the impact of aligning analytics with business goals? 
4. Can you explain the surprising trend discovered in the research regarding moving beyond mid-range data maturity? 
5. Can you elaborate on the significance of internal alignment on a company's level of data maturity? 
6. What is the impact of moving from medium to high data maturity? 
7. What steps can companies take to align their organization when it comes to data and analytics capabilities? 
8. How can the seven dimensions referred to in the article impact a firm's analytics readiness? 
9. What is the role of senior leaders in maintaining alignment in the company's digital transformation journey? 
10. How does understanding the interplay between alignment and the level of data maturity boost company performance? 
11. How does the study suggest leaders should move forward to create more value with data analytics? 
12. Could you further explain the benefits of using the checklist suggested in the study? 
13. What is the "ceiling effect" and how does it relate to data maturity in corporates? 
14. How should corporates handle the transition from the medium to high data maturity stage? 
15. Which sectors were most represented in the survey by the companies undergoing data and analytics transformations?
16. Based on the research, how does higher maturity levels impact decision-making in organizations? 
17. How does a company's data maturity level impact its operations? 
18. How can companies ensure they get the most out of their investments in analytics development? 
19. Should the focus be more on talent, technology or culture when a company is investing in analytics for improved business performance?
20. What are the potential drawbacks for companies that fail to align their analytics capabilities with business goals?