1. Can the economic situation in Sri Lanka be attributed solely to the actions of the current political parties? What external factors have contributed to this crisis?
2. What was the role of the Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna (SLPP) party in the current economic challenges?
3. How has Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna (JVP) / National People's Power (NPP) been able to capitalize on the current political uncertainty?
4. How could the Southern politics and agitations be effectively communicated to Northern Tamils who seem to be largely oblivious of the same?
5. Can you explain why Northern Tamils are less inclined to engage with Southern politics or participate in protests against the government? 
6. Can you expand more on the “system change” Northern Tamils are calling for and the specific issues connected to this demand?
7. Can you elaborate more on the differences between the two camps advocating for rejecting Sinhalese candidates – those wanting to field a Tamil candidate and those wanting to boycott the election?
8. Can boycotting the election really exert pressure on the government to resolve the ethnic problem,as suggested by Parliamentarian Gajendrakumar Ponnambalam, and if so, how?
9. What are the potential consequences of either boycotting the election or fielding a Tamil candidate for Tamil people and the overall result of the Presidential election?
10. How will the decision of Tamil leaders to either boycott or field a common Tamil candidate impact the mainstream political landscape in Sri Lanka?
11. Why is there a proposition to field a Tamil candidate when it seems highly unlikely for such candidate to win?
12. Amid these arguments, what are the actions taken by the Ilangai Tamil Arasu Katchi (ITAK), the main Tamil political party, towards the forthcoming Presidential election?
13. How does the idea of fielding a Tamil common candidate affect the required vote count for the Presidential election? 
14. In the event of a boycott leading to deserted polling booths in the North, what message could this send to the international community?
15. What alternatives are there for the Tamil people if a consensus on how to engage with the election is not reached by Tamil leaders?