1. Can you give more examples of how Barbara Ehrenreich's book "Nickle and Dimed: On (Not) Getting By in America" highlighted the issue of employed-homeless in America?
2. How did Matthew Desmond in his book "Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City" explain the role of housing in perpetuating poverty?
3. How have unaffordable rents and property prices turned into political battlegrounds in Europe?
4. How does Vienna's subsidized housing system work, and how is it funded?
5. What effect did the welfare reforms under President Bill Clinton have on low-wage workers in the US?
6. Can you elaborate more on the homeless crisis in America and Europe?
7. Can you explain the legacy of Red Vienna's housing policy and how it has impacted Austrian society today?
8. Can you provide more information about Sri Lanka's ambitious journey to build 100,000 houses in the late 1970s? What were the challenges and criticisms received?
9. How did housing play a key role in Ranasinghe Premadasa's presidential agenda? 
10. How can politicians and policy makers today learn from Ranasinghe Premadasa's approach to addressing homelessness and housing affordability?
11. What was the significance and the impact of the One Million Houses program launched in 1984 in Sri Lanka?
12. Can you give more details on how the participatory model used in the second and third phases of the housing program in Sri Lanka worked?
13. How did the Rajapaksas' decisions impact the initiatives started by Premadasa?
14. Can you explain "developmental programmes which are ‘good and just’"? How do they balance diverse socio-economic group interests?
15. Are the Premadasa development projects replicable in current times given the societal and economic changes? How so?
16. How successful was Premadasa’s 200 Garment Factories Programme in stimulating economic development and improving the quality of life for Sri Lankans?
17. What was the significance of the common Buddhist-Hindu-Christian-Islamic place of worship built at the Kataragama Gam Udawa and why did it face opposition?
18. How did Premadasa’s housing policies contribute to the prevention of violence during Black July?
19. Can you elaborate on the concept of making everyone feel they have something to lose as a guarantee against societal violence and systemic instability, as believed by Premadasa?
20. How can Premadasa’s innovative policies and initiatives serve as a roadmap for dealing with current issues of homelessness and poverty?